Didi/entry address comments (#1007)
telerik/maui-docs: installation/vs-code-integration/new-project-wizard.md

## Start the Wizard

Start the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Template Wizard by using the following ways:

> * Press the **Telerik Extensions Information** icon in the Visual Studio Code activity bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click the **Telerik Extensions Information** icon in the Visual Studio Code activity bar.
```

> 1. Click on the **Telerik Extensions Information** icon

Reviewer: Indent all numbered items so that they get nested under the part list item.

1. Select **MAUI** tab
1. Press **Create New Project**.
1. The **Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Template Wizard** opens
1. Using the Template Wizard you can create a new **Blank App** or **Blank Shell App**.

> ![Telerik UI for .NET MAUI VS Code Extension](images/telerik-vs-code-extension.png)

Reviewer: Indent the image so that it gets nested under the last unordered list item.

* From the Visual Studio Code Extensions menu

> 1. To open the menu, use:

Reviewer: Indent the ordered list items so that they get nested under the parent item. Indent the two unordered list items accordingly so that they don't interrupt the automatic numbering.

## Start the Wizard

> Start the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Template Wizard by using the following ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can start the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Template Wizard in  either of the following ways:
```

* Click the **Telerik Extensions Information** icon in the Visual Studio Code activity bar.

    1. Click on the **Telerik Extensions Information** icon
    1. Select **MAUI** tab

>     1. Press **Create New Project**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Click **Create New Project**.
```
